Even if the Ye family is the first family in Rongguo
You don't have to.
This is too much.
It's not that this is still alive
Yes!
It seems
You don't know what will happen if you offend me, Ye Bingtao
Then I will tell you today
Those who stand in my way
go bankrupt
Those who go against my will will not be left behind
This kind of person is really arrogant
I believe Qi Tian can have a solution, don't worry.
The second person I was waiting for arrived in a while
He won't be so rampant
Qi Tian, how much did you damage my corpse?
Wait for me
The first person to die is you
Ok, I'll wait.
The second is that you also want
You, a woman, deserve to compete with me for property
Wait to die, you don't deserve it
Hahaha
As for the third one
Tian Ke
How dare you be a rebellious master, you bitch
His Royal Highness will never be able to pick up the sun for a lifetime
Coco, don't be afraid.
Daddy will protect you
And you, Sister Tian
Although there must be something new
All must die
Mr. Ye Fatpei, you are their eyes
Not me.
Mr. Yi Ye, we signed the case with the same name
I listen to you
I'll be your dog.
Mom thousand miles
How can you do that?